today I'm making homemade vanilla
pudding this has been a recipe that's
been in my family for a long time
my dad used to make it when we were
little all the time especially when we
were camping what you're going to need
is three cups milk three heaping
tablespoons of cornstarch foodcourt
fourth cup milk one and a half teaspoons
vanilla and one tablespoon of margarine
or butter first
we're going to remove saucepan
the three horse cup sugar and the tongue
Wow cornstarch along with a dash of salt
mixed it together
have to be perfect then to that you're
going to add three cups milk start the
fire
medium medium heat blend this all
together
and stir continuously until it comes to
a boil it's also going to thicken as it
heated to heat as it heats up as well
this is my least favorite part of making
pudding you just have to be patient and
keep stirring until it comes to a boil
and thickens if you turn the heat to
high
you will scald the milk and if you turn
it to low obviously it will never boil
so it's just a game of waiting waiting
you can see it's been about five minutes
and it is now thickened and bubbly and
once it starts bubbling and thickens you
stir it for two minutes more you may
want to turn the heat down on just a
little bit
so two more minutes of cooking
okay now it has been two minutes and it
is nice and thick you want to remove it
from the heat or just turn it off to do
putting in a beauty treatment slowly
you're going to
I'm going to add this this is without
all over again pudding
and now very carefully very slowly I'm
going to add the eggs back into the
pudding mixture and again you want to do
this very very carefully
mixing constantly making sure that you
get those eggs incorporated very well
and very quickly and fast
operated your the chart guy are we going
to bring it to a boil again
and you're going to cook it and stir it
for about this more just to make sure
that it is already done so they are nice
this time you don't want to roll in oil
you want a gentle boil you're not going
no it's been two minutes and the pudding
is thoroughly cooked I turned off the
heat now I'm going to add to it a
teaspoon and a half of vanilla more if
you like a very strong vanilla flavor
but I personally do it over time
racing in very thoroughly
one tablespoon of margarine or butter
margarine so that is what is going in
yes it is all you are just adding the
last two ingredients and the heat from
the putting on it up
you let it cool for
transferring it any other
you can transfer it to the fridge or
repres there you go
nobody